DEVDOCS-4090 + revisions: [update] Many, platform engagement docs (#2057)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/api-docs/getting-started/authentication.mdx

## Dynamic tokens

> Several of our APIs authenticate with JSON web tokens, or _JWTs_. JWTs authorize both the requester and the recipient because they contain a signed payload that the recipient must successfully decrypt before working with the transmitted data. Some JWTs can be used for any number of requests within an expiration window; others must be unique to each request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Several of our APIs authenticate with JSON web tokens, or _JWTs_. JWTs authorize both the requester and the recipient because they contain a signed payload that the recipient must successfully decrypt before working with the transmitted data. You can use some JWTs for any number of requests within an expiration window; others must be unique to each request.
```
